hello Gamers welcome to Short Circuit I
am your host today lwi why because I
really like Beday and that's enough I
guess credentials for this I don't know
why I become the pet guy but I think
it's because of this product right here
the swipe plus pet which is available
now on LTT store.com I just want to look
at this little this just this gold
embossed touch it touch it with your
fingers come touch it with your yeah
feel it with your fingers you feel how
that wow that's just luxury that's just
luxury that's but you look I like the
design a lot here but what actually
matters is what it does to your
butthole what are you talking about
that's what matters it's true it does
it's true come on it's true I've had
this theory for a while now it's the rug
Theory let's just say you spill some
dirt on a rug would you wipe it off with
paper towels probably not and what I got
going behind and I'm not trying to get
graphic on this channel cuz we're family
friendly and whatnot and what have you
it's close to a rug You' use a little
bit of water all right which is why I
become obsessed with bedday but I found
out most of getting so want to try up a
day is getting over the uh discomfort of
putting water in your butt it's normal
it's healthy it's clean and today we're
going to see exactly how it can be clean
but also perhaps beautiful so let's take
a look at this all right this is just
the the nozzle and the attachments is
what you need to connect it to your
toilet here we have an owner's manual I
throw out the manual for every product
it's it's nice but we'll just figure it
out I think and then here oh the actual
bedet itself now the swipe comes in two
models it's swipe and swipe plus the
swipe plus model is500 the swipe is $50
which is a big jump in money but the
difference is one good oldfashioned
water up your bum the other one all the
bells and whistles and here it is don't
get a closeup here now this is actually
Mach 2 of the Swip plus bedet Mach 1 was
a controller based device but I found
that I preferred using like a sidebar
where you could just press a tactile
button cuz the controller was just like
a touchpad interface I don't like touch
pad I'm a tactile
guy it's just it's good for your soul
the other difference between the swipe
and the swipe plus is the swipe the
regular attachment can go to any toilet
the swipe plus you need to know what
kind of toilet you have cuz it's
replacing your seat and a seat sits on a
toilet bowl and bowls come in two shapes
round and elongated this is a round one
you can tell cuz it's well just a little
bit stubbier so know which one you have
before you order if you f up I mean
customer service is probably good enough
like they could figure it out but it's
like it's going to be a whole pain in
the yeah so just like double check you
know if you're not really sure you could
post your pick a toilet online and like
tweet at me and like I'll get there I'll
answer for you trust me bro trust me
look the main bells and whistles are
when you plug this bad boy in but I
guess we can go over the different types
of options here all right so you have
nozzle spray for rear nozzle spray for
your front rear strong spray which I'm
spamming that button all day dry by the
way okay real quick for whatever reason
people believe if you have a b day all
of a sudden you don't use toilet paper
you still use toilet paper okay all
right just like if I wash my hands at an
airport and and they have those little
blow dry things I still grab at least
one sheet just to get all of it off
after you know or worst case I do this
but you can't do this with your butthole
okay so it's like you don't have to use
as much toilet paper live in a world
with me we're going to talk about poop
on this channel the dream scenario is a
one wipe poop which is technically
impossible because you always have to do
a second wipe to ensure that it was a
one wipe but you get the idea with a
bedet basically every poop becomes a one
whitee poop again two wipe cuz you got
to make sure it's a one whitee but you
know what I'm talking about so that's
that's what this is so you know
sometimes I use the dry but that's just
cuz I like feeling this on my butt they
have a gentle mode and a pulse mode
there's five different water pressures
and then five different positions for
the nozzle three different temperatures
you can pick for the seat ooh that's big
though especially here having a heated
seat I had a guest stay over she was
like I just like sitting on it I was
like that's weird it's my toilet don't
sit on it like that three different
temperatures for the water eco mode and
then nozzle cleaning all right that's
all the options this is the frame this
is t- valve I think that's what you call
that the actual valve itself I've
installed quite a few of these I've only
flooded two
bathrooms but you don't know how many
them is installed my percentage is like
at least 90 uh the hooks and then this
it's a deodorizer to help you know you
know what poop smells like I don't have
to get into it that go right here so
here's the issue this is a
bedet how can I show them this without
showing my
body you will be showing your body I'm
showing my body I'm bearing myself to
you well let's check out this quick
sponsor that's going to Bear itself to
you right now thanks to vessie for
sponsoring this video the shoes keep you
warm in the winter cool in the summer
and they claim they are extremely
waterproof which uh okay that's looking
pretty good isn't it they're stormburst
high tops combined the comfort of the
sneaker with the grip and coverage of an
outdoor Boot and vessie has added extra
layering for added warmth as well as
extra grip to prevent you from slipping
and sliding in unfavorable weather
conditions their storm bursts are
feature packed and will make a great
gift with the unpredictable Spring
weather that's coming up check out the
vessie stormburst and other styles at
vessie shortcircuit and get 15% off your
first purchase at the checkout what is
this is that a kitty
pool yeah we don't have uh you know it's
hard to film in a bathroom yeah bringing
the bathroom to you sure you don't have
a bathroom set here yet not a lot of not
yet ready
yeah this is your gamer to why are there
ell why is there a dude really hey you
weren't supposed to see see that is this
going to uh what's the what's the uh
freaking the paid the paid site W listen
we don't know if any paid sites this is
float plane POV yeah that PID site look
at that man so I've noticed an issue
already youve you've you've You'
up what what happened it's an elongated
seat this is in a Long look how long
this is it's long like horse's mouth and
that's short and stubby like cat so they
don't fit you told me to trust
you yeah but I I didn't see I was going
to trust you all right it's all right
hey we can still sit on it but this is
actually a great teaching example of why
you want to make sure to get the correct
either round or elongated cuz you're
going to see how it overlaps here and it
doesn't fit uh but we'll we'll get there
we'll cross that bridge and we get there
okay all right all
right timer Starts Now go okay all right
let's just see what we got going on
first step is removing this which
usually just has like a nut that you
have to spin
off this one
is oh it's really on there do you need a
a tool yeah do we have a Jerry rig
everything remove nothing or I've got
various options all right uh I think
this will have to be the one I
use this is for like a freaking PCI port
or
some you're saying words yeah I
am this is actually too hard so every
toilet is different but this one's it's
just screwed the hell on there we just
have to remove it just remove the whole
thing and our lives are happier oh this
is you need an adjustable an adjustable
that's what I've been saying uh uh well
we can connect this in the meantime so
the port that it actually connects to is
right here by just spinning this bad boy
on do you fit perfectly all
right step one is setting up of a day
removing the old toilet head eh what is
this okay and you go next step let's get
this bad boy on see a Mr Beast article
where he's like I can't be
disliked I must not have a personality
oh yes you see that one yeah like John
Everyman yeah I was like what the he
actually has a bedet he's on that who's
not on a bedet wave length who's got a
dirty butthole you have a rival streamer
xqc Loi girl that rotten I'm sorry I
shouldn't say that I hate Loi girl cuz
she's you know everyone's like oh AI is
going to replace my job she's been doing
it 24/7 streams for 3 years straight I
had to take a break you how many viewers
I lose when I go to the bathroom I'm not
helping myself by sitting there extra
long she doesn't lose any she never goes
to the bathroom she never goes to the
bathroom she got a dirty butthole little
F girl phase one's done and look how
easy this is now all you do I think you
remove this little piece of
tape this is just so the nozzle can
escape it's
clutches line it
up we're done Perfect Fit that's it now
the the only stuff left to do is connect
it take a look take a look at this is
what you did okay feel like a dog who's
like eating something look look it it's
overlapping here if you get the
elongated version it'll it'll fit nicely
so now we just have to connect the
nozzles which is right here so I'm
connecting one to the
actual bedet and then
connecting where the does this go I do
have I do have a garden hose dude oh
it's got I mean let's just cut out the
middleman and just take my pants off
what are we doing with this so this is
not normally how it works we're just
going hos to
bedet and hoping to transform this flood
of water into normal functioning Beday
water all
right that's it's ready to in me voice
the Beday is kind Smart in the sense
that it won't let you just spray water
all over your floor if like a cat or a
child pushes a button it is like
detecting someone sitting on
it so so I take off my pants now uh yeah
we're ready when you are I just want to
confirm it's okay if I take my pants off
now and reveal my lonus tech tips
underwear okay all
right
someone just walked in and left all
okay I'm so sorry about
this okay all right so this is what I
look like as a man in my
house and now the Moment of Truth does
it
work it's
working this is the second most people
I've had in a room while using a AET
uh so right now water is penetrating my
butthole I mean it's definitely working
I can change the heat of it I can up the
pressure I can drop it to the minimum
pressure I can even click this button
here I Can Go Gentle almost like an
angel's whisper and then if we want this
is what I do I'm calloused I hit the
strong
button almost
there
yeah and then
the seat's already warm let's try out
the dry feature oh yeah that's good I
was just getting everything how do it
look well hey that worked I'm surprised
that worked it worked like if it was
plugged in normally and not to a hose I
wouldn't recommend the hose option but
it is
usable all right there's not too much
water in my butt is
there okay cool all right it just went
straight in that's great it did it did
it there's a lot of water on my butt no
is there not from what I think it's just
very targeted that's how good it is did
you use the front I didn't use the front
what about the women
viewers this is for the
women yeah it
works it's missing anything that'd be
relevant to me but it does work
uh there it is I'm happy that worked
great we would love if you'd go to LTT
sore.com and check out these cool
B I don't care what bedet you get I
think you should just have a bedet in
your life it's just more hygienic the
$50 option is good but if you wanted
another one I don't blame you no harm no
foul however if you want to ball out
$500 one time that's all you got to
spend for the rest of your days you have
a heated seat every time you sit on a
damn toilet you got heated water
entering your but hole every time you
got and take a poop or just for fun
sometimes let that stuff Rock it's a
life Cher try a day I promise it's a
life changer I don't even care if it's
mine but go to lt.com if you do want
this one uh thank you so much for
watching uh make sure to like comment
subscribe and you can find me at the
White House January
6 oh I guess it's my turn oh okay I'm
here now yeah hello welcome
so now what try it
out oh my God suit up
Spidey I guess this is this is the part
where I just kind of get on here so like
like I can do the cold water right yeah
you can do whatever type what do you do
I'm strong I'm Max spray I got to
confess I am not that into the cold
water I I have the regular swipe on the
downstairs bathroom because I didn't
want to put in the
outlet so you don't use it cuz it's the
cold water version well no I just have
to walk upstairs that's fair I mean it's
the main difference between the 50 and
the 500 is it there's electricity which
heats up the water yep it feels nice it
also heats up the seat do you feel it oh
yeah even through the underwear man
that's like
toasty I love it it's one of those
things that I didn't realize how much it
was going to change my life until my
first visit to Japan and I stopped at
like a like a truck stop on the side of
the road yeah you what did you what are
you just just what are you saying about
the truck stop I'm saying that it was
the nicest bathroom I'd ever been in and
it was a truck stop bathroom but it was
in
Japan what is it running right now it's
um it's running it's very warm it feels
like I'm peeing yeah dude it feels so
weird to have it run with underwear on
yeah it was a world first for me as well
uh yeah okay it managed to make it
through the underwear there for a
sec so what are you just driving here
and I'm just yeah so that's the strong
and then and then you know you said you
hate it cold so we'll keep it we'll keep
it warm here I can move the nozzle
around though yeah what am I hitting now
uh it's not my butthole okay let's go
front
like permanently and then there's like a
lighter eco mode where it like lowers
the heat of it okay you got to tell me
this
um do these pants make my butt look wet
dude your first off your butt looks
great second off there's a insane mark
on it that's what I looked like oh my
gosh
um so what' you think what made you so
passionate about clean butts is it
because you like to eat them or okay
that
yeah and I was just I needed everyone's
butt to be clean before I started eating
we've only hung out once before this
socially but the first thing he asked me
was so you got a vasectomy can you like
still at that point I realized that
there were no boundaries here I think my
second question is what is your net
worth you liquidated
everything so you know there's there's
levels to it look I think I so for me I
I I used them cuz I went to France a lot
so we had them got it and I was like
they're tight but in America there's
like a like a weird stigma it's it's the
toilet paper Lobby I it's big it's big
TP it's big paper big paper and I think
every human like you said who used it
for the first time they're like oh I
should just use that every time the idea
is weird at first and if I'd had the
option if I'd been sitting on a bedet
but there was a toilet paper roll there
I would have gone with what was familiar
I would have used the toilet paper roll
but it was Japan for me and just there
just wasn't any when I was me I realized
we we were at one point both sheep
societally trained to not be more
hygienic but we've since awoken our
third eye and we are coming for you Joe
Biden in January 6 is there anything
else that we're meant to kind of hit
here or we uh I think I just need to
bring this home with me back to LA if
anyone wants to buy this footage it is
slowmo of lonus I will take any bids all
you have to do is hit my lineup get
yourself a swipe a day LTT store.com
Linus
absolute pleasure pleasure doing
business with you all right see you
later like subscribe goodbye bye forever
was I supposed to actually the
underwear